Hello.
Thanks for reading this suggestion.
I am Russian Full Stack Web and Mobile APP Developer Kashirin.
I hope you are doing well, and I hope you are interested in new business with me.

Do you know about the US-based Upwork freelance platform?

If you know the Upwork freelance platform, that's fine.
You don't know about it, don't worry. I'll let you know.
Upwork is the best freelance platform and works great for me.

Why do I need your account?

I am going to work with US clients. However, some clients want the same local(US only) developer.
And US developer hourly rate is some high.
So If you lend me an your account,I can earned more money and I will pay you back 10% of the money I earn.
Since I have enough skills and experience, I can make a lot of money on your account and you will receive money every month.
At first I can earn $2k-$3k per month, but after 4-6 months you can grow your account well and earn $5-$7k.
Finally after 1 year I will be making $10k+ per month and you can make $1k+ monthly without doing any work.

How should I use your account?

I am trying to use your account remotely using anydesk or teamview on my local PC.
I must use a your local PC because the Upwork platform always detects IP address.
Perhaps you can afraid of losing your PC data. Don't worry about it.
I don't want to see any data on your PC and You can see all my work if i use your pc remotely.
And then I will use only Google Chrome web browser to find jobs in upwork platform.
So, I don't want a high-end PC, I want a low-end PC to run my web browser.

How can I pay you?
 
In fact, you can see all my work history on Upwork.
So no problem here and It is very clearly.
I will let you know(you can check your account yourself) when I make money, you can withdraw the money to your payment(payoneer or paypal or bank) and then you can send my account 90% of the total amount.


It's more certain if you already have an account, but even better if you don't have one.
I will assist you in creating a new account.
Please let me know when you plan to create a new account.
I have a rich of experience with Upwork accounts and I need to discuss this because I will be using yours and it should match my skills.

Thank you for your interest in this project.
Best Regards.









I think you have a good the business sence.
So I'd like to work with you.
If you work with me you can get a lot of money without work.


I'd like to work with you.
Please check this.
https://codefile.io/f/YkeJ2nGx1X9YNuo2BKKa
I will wait your response.😍



Please check another link.
https://codefile.io/f/w2VE7YHcbcJfweoSfvKH






I am willing to work with US clients. However, some clients want to work with the same location(US only) developer.
And also I think the earnings are not so good because the US clients don't like to hire Ukraine developers than the US developers and the hourly rate is also low. 
So honestly, I need your help 
-If you have Upwork Account, I’m going to use it from your computer via Teamviewer or Anydesk remotely.  
-In case you don’t have your account, you can create it newly. 
While using your Upwork account, I’m willing to pay you 10 ~20 percentages of my earnings per month. 
Initially, I can earn 3k~5k per month so I will pay 300~500 per month, and then after 6 month  I will earn more than 10k per month So I will pay you 1k+ per month. 


The reason why I’m going to pay you per month. 

Upwork sometimes needs Video verification and ID verification. 
The reason why I have to use your account via your computer on your local. 
Upwork needs Video verification and ID verification if the IP changes. 




The reason why I can’t run away with your Upwork Account 

I can never pass through the Video and ID verification without your help. 
I can not log in to Upwork on my local because of IP change. 
So I dont need your Upwork login info.



Why I need some account on Upwork?

My answer is very simple. If I have an Upwork account, I can get hired with higher rates by US clients. 
I hope that you don’t mind creating an account under your personal info like name, address, and others.  
If you help me to create an account, you can earn a lot of money without any effort or time. 
 


Is it legal for you to create a new or lend me your account? 

It never is illegal to your country's law. 
As Upwork is some private company, It's just one company's rule, not the law of a country. 
Next thing, I’ll need to create an account via a remote connection on your local if you don’t have an account. 
 
 

Why I need access to your local? 

I can create an account using some VPN or VPS to avoid IP/Location issues but their proxy will be detected by Upwork. After all, it will be banned by Upwork. 
Even so, I get access to your local, I’ll never need any data from local and steal your data in any case. 
As this is a long-term contract, if you accept my offer,  
Looking forward to hearing from you. 






















I am looking for a reliable person who can work with me for long term for simple support with my work.
I want to share your upwork account.
I will pay 10% of my benefit per month.
As a web developer, I freelance on Upwork - this is my source of income.
I use my account and handle multiple full-time jobs.
I am doing all these tasks on my own, planning to outsource if I run out of hands.
In freelancing world, nationality matters – our senior developer can charge $50 per hour on average.
Last week, It was suspended and I need someone who help me to use Upwork account.
Upwork cares about IP address and detects VPN, they are security experts.
Upwork doesn't allow multiple accounts for one person, if you already have a suspended Upwork
account, please ignore this message and don't reply to me.

Requirements:

Upwork account under your name, address. (identity) (If you don't have one already, it's best. We will create it together, so don't create it on your own.)
You are male. (because I am male and I will be doing voice calls with clients.)
Provide me a payment method to use on Upwork. PayPal or Payoneer.
You can create two PayPal (Business/Personal) and Payoneer account, so we don't have to share one account. (I can't use mine on Upwork because holder's name should match - if not, account gets suspended)
I need a Computer in your location to access Upwork account. If you have a spare computer that you can let me use for full time, it works best. No need for a good one. Just able to connect and chat with clients. A windows tablet is also fine. I will be using AnyDesk or TeamViewer to connect.
You don't have a suspended Upwork account.


Payment:
10 % of my benefit (If you have developer experience and can help me with ad hoc video calls with clients, we can make this up to 15%)
I will use PayPal or Payoneer or pay directly to your card.
I hope we can help each other.
If you agree to this suggestion, please contact me.

Skype: live:.cid.b64830812c410bb4
Gmail: coryitpro@gmail.com
Discord: magnatar#2442
Telegram: @tinkertalent

